Come, everyone is here, come, want to leave
Dad, she really just came to see me.
Xiao Duan, I've already done this to you. It's an ultimatum.
Come to company
That's going to kill me
I will let you introduce my method today
Master, it's okay. Oh my god.
No, even if I die today
He won't let you touch him either
Write more What you should know about being a father
Blame my rules, Liu Qian is unwilling
How do you count you as my daughter?
I will definitely kill you, I know
So even if I die today
I won't let you either. He just came to see me.
I promised myself
It's hopeless with him
Follow me here and let him go
To my career
If I don’t kill people, why am I not enough for Xiaojun?
You can quickly get my dad to the circle and leave quickly.
I'm here today to talk about what I really came to offer and I won't leave
somewhat provided
Why?